Medroa!
[alarmed breaths]
The end.
Wow! Very impressive, Popp.
Crocodine: You wiped them
all out with a single spell!
Well, what can I say?
We couldn't have done it without
your new attack too, Big Guy.
Hyunckel: It looks
like there is a spell
that not even
Orichalcum can withstand.
What's wrong?!
What is it, Hyunckel?!
Keep your guard up.
Something's still there.
H-how?!
It can't be!
Popp: That's...
That's impossible.
Dai: They survived?
Popp: Nothing can
take a direct hit from
that spell and come
out in one piece!
That was close.
It looks like they brought
a half decent Mage with them.
No, Block...
What have they done?!
Back there...
if Block hadn't pushed us
to the ground and shielded us
from the Mage's blast
at the very last second...
all five of us would have
been vaporized into mist.
Well, then...
Thank you, Block.
I guess you lived up
to your name, after all.
He... used himself
as a shield?
They're machines
created by forbidden magic
and they still think
to sacrifice themselves.
Even I have to admit
that was a brave act.
Looks like even
villains can be selfless.
They understand
the value of combining
their individual strengths
for the good of the group.
It's a difficult lesson
that we've learned, as well.
Dai: We knew they
were going to be tough.
That they'd be unpredictable.
But we're the only
thing in their way.
There must be something
we can do to beat them.
We haven't tried everything
yet, have we? Come on!
We're still standing.
You're right. Besides,
we're flexible enough to
adapt to anything, aren't we?
Okay, let's get it together
and deal the finishing blow!
Sigma: That won't happen.
Sigma?!
Even if I were to perish, the
Mirror of Shahal won't break.
It is a legendary item, not
just another part of my body.
It was granted to
me by Lord Hadlar.
That was an
impressive spell, boy.
But now that
we've seen it used,
I don't believe
it will work on
the Royal Guard
for a second time.
Alright. Let's get on with
our second round, shall we?
Albinass: Hym.
Block still needs
to be healed.
Do not lose sight
of the mission at hand.
Who cares?! I'm done
with all that, Albinass.
Nothing can get in my
way once I'm fired up.
I'm going to avenge Block
as well, so don't worry!
Hadlar: That's enough, Hym.
Though I appreciate that
reckless personality of yours...
you will not make things
difficult for Albinass.
Hym: It's you.
Hym: Lord Hadlar...
In the flesh...
Hadlar.
Dai.
Hold on.
It's an illusion.
Popp: An illusion?
You mean he's not really here?
[smug chuckle]
You're correct.
What you're seeing is
a magical projection.
The real me is within
the Field of Death.
Hyunckel: So you sit back
and let your servants
do your dirty work?
I guess the rumors that
you've grown as a warrior
were nothing more
than lies, weren't they?
I never intended to
defeat you by ambush,
nor did I believe
I could, to be honest.
We were content waiting for
you back at our stronghold.
But then I heard that you
planned to bring some guests.
What are you talking about?!
I told you. The Royal Guard
protects the Field of Death.
We would have accepted your
challenge fair and square.
Hym: But then we learned that
the allied human kingdoms
were plotting an invasion.
So we came here to
eliminate the unworthy.
"Unworthy"?!
Hym: Under
Lord Hadlar's orders,
our objective was to
put you all to the test.
Basically, anyone
who's not standing
at this point is unworthy
of entering our domain.
Dai, we will face
you and your allies.
But I will not dishonor
the Dark King's presence
with unworthy blood.
I'll be waiting...
Waiting for you
in the Field of Death!
Hey, wait!
Albinass: And with that,
I suppose we will
take our leave, as well.
Witnessing the true
depth of your skills
was certainly
time well spent.
Come when you feel you're ready
and we'll welcome
the battle. Farewell.
I dislike having
to cut a battle short.
Hyunckel, was it not?
I'll be paying you
back for this keepsake.
But Lord Hadlar's
orders must be obeyed.
So in the meantime
I will pray that he
allows me that opportunity.
Popp: Get back here!
I'll cut you short!
No wait, Popp! Don't make
the same mistake twice.
Huh?! Oh... right.
We should tend to
the wounded, first.
We need more help.
Dai and Popp, get
Leona and the others.
Popp: Got it!
Albinass: We have
done as you commanded.
Good work.
But my lord, Hym,
Sigma, and Block
are all in need
of regeneration.
Hadlar: Very well.
As do you.
Albinass: It's just a scratch.
Hadlar: Now that you've
faced them in battle;
What do you think
of the Hero's party?
I quite like them.
They're worthy opponents.
Lord Hadlar-
where has Fenbren gone?
It appears that a rodent
has scurried into
the Field of Death.
I sent Fenbren
to deal with it.
Do you understand your
mission, Trooper Three?
Right.
Chiu: That's a
suspicious light!
Chiu: What is this?
Popp left his staff?!
He must have lost it
in the last battle here.
I guess I'll return it to him.
He might even show
me some gratitude.
Gomechan: [chirping]
[chirping]
[screeching]
I see. So there's
nothing out here
but more pointy rocks, then.
But you say that when you
fly over those mountains,
a mysterious force blocks you.
Am I hearing you right?
[chirp]
Chiu: It's a good thing I
brought Seari into the fold.
It's a Seaslime that I
recruited back on the shore.
I call it Trooper Three.
[impressed chirping]
Huh? Well, of course!
I won easily!
It's not very strong,
but I figured we could use
a scout in the water, too.
Pretty smart, right?
Chiu: Right now it's searching
the ocean floor for an entrance.
If there isn't one
above ground, then...
Fenbren: Very good
instincts, little one.
Chiu: You're from
the Dark Army!
One of those
Orichalcum things!
Fenbren: Indeed.
I am the bishop of
the Hadlar Royal Guard...
Fenbren.
Seari!
You don't say. A giant
gate under the ocean?!
I see. That entrance must
lead right to the Dark King.
It really was underwater.
Hey, spike-face!
The Beast King Commandos
have discovered
the secret entrance to
your silly little hideout.
How d'you like that?!
[chirping]
Fenbren: Oh, my. So, you've
seen the Dark Citadel Gate.
Cita-what now?!
Fenbren: How remarkably
clever you are.
It's the only entrance
to Vearn Palace,
our mighty king's
Great Dark Citadel.
Dark Citadel...
Vearn Palace, huh?
[mocking cackle]
You messed up!
But thanks for the precious
information, doofus.
Once we return to Dai
and tell him what we know,
he'll launch a full-scale attack
on this dumb "Vearn Palace."
So look forward to that!
Fenbren: Sadly, little one,
this scheme of yours
has several flaws.
The first of which is assuming
that you can leave this island!
[pained groans]
[falling yells]
Chiu: A... Woosh spell?
Fenbren: Indeed.
I have mastered all kinds
of Vortex-type spells.
They help... level the playing
field, wouldn't you say?
Chiu: Oh, no...
Fenbren: Now, back to the
flaws in your little plan;
you will find it
impossible to enter
the Dark Citadel by
that underwater gate.
The way is sealed with King
Vearn's Supercharged Dark Magic.
It is a legendary gate, one that
hasn't opened in centuries.
That makes no sense!
How are you supposed to get in
and out of that place, then?!
Fenbren: We are warriors
of the Dark Army,
bestowed with a
special enchantment.
We enter and exit
using Zoom spells.
There's no chance that an
outsider can pry open the gate,
no matter what
power they wield.
Chiu: You're saying that no
one can get to the Dark King,
no matter how hard they try?
Fenbren: Not even a
Dragon Knight.
You lie. I don't believe you!
Fenbren: It doesn't really
matter what you believe.
Your third and final
flaw is assuming
Dai will hear any
of your "report".
Chiu: Huh?
Fenbren: Because you, my
friend, are not going anywhere.
You and your
ridiculous "commandos".
[pained yell]
Seari!
Fenbren: Worm.
Fenbren: Know your place.
Chiu: Rattus Rocket Ram!
[worried chirp]
[pained yell]
Fenbren: You fool.
Can't you see that my body
is made entirely of blades...
Fenbren: Now you've
injured yourself
simply to rescue this...
pathetic specimen.
Chiu: Sh-Shut up!
Chiu: These monsters
may look pathetic to you...
but they're the first
real allies I've ever had.
Each of them are proud and
courageous members of my unit.
And I'm...
I'm their captain.
The kind of captain-
that protects his
troops with his life!
Fenbren: Well said.
You're brave for a rat.
But you're going to be begging
for mercy until the very end.
Fenbren: You see, the other
members of the Royal Guard
are all chivalrous warriors.
But not me.
I only keep in line
for the sake of order,
and believe me, it's left
me starving for cruelty.
Leona: Hurry,
get him some help!
What happened-
where is everybody?!
I should have been here.
Were the elite warriors from
Bengarna part of this battle-
where are they?!
They... They were
the very first to be
defeated when the
dock was attacked.
Gomez: They're
probably still in...
Akhim: What?!
Dai: Nova, are you okay?
Dai...
Dai: You're finally awake.
You need healing.
Leave me.
I'm dead weight. I can't
move a single muscle.
There's this giant cloud...
This gigantic shame
just hanging over me.
So take mercy...
Forget I'm even here.
W-What are you...
[pained scream]
What was that for?!
See? You can still stand.
It's your damaged pride that's
sucking out all your energy,
and it's insufferable.
Maam: There are plenty
of wounded here
who aren't as strong as you-
and they still fought harder!
If you can stand,
get back to the base
on your own two feet!
It's your choice.
That, or I drag you
all the way there.
I'll help carry the wounded.
I guess whoever
ends up with Maam
is in for quite the
experience, aren't they?
Dai [thought]: I wonder
if Leona has...
always been this way.
Popp: Hey!
No good. We had no luck
finding Chiu anywhere.
Gomechan's missing, too.
It looks like they
really went out there.
Maam: They left for the
Field of Death by themselves?!
Crocodine: Sorry.
If I'd known he'd do this,
I wouldn't have given
him the Beast King Flute.
He probably recruited
a flying monster
to take them all
the way over there.
I know he's only
trying to help,
but the enemy's too dangerous.
I'll Zoom over and
try to get them back.
Hyunckel and I
will come with you.
Popp: Glad to have you.
I'll go as well.
No, Dai. Stay here.
It's temporary, but we'll
be splitting forces.
The people here are going
to need you and Maam.
Dai: All right.
Leona: Popp.
Once you find Chiu,
you must come straight back.
Our ship has been destroyed,
so we all need to regroup and
form a new plan of attack.
Fighting can come later.
Aye-aye, Princess.
I'm well aware.
"Never make the same potentially
fatal mistake twice."
That's my motto!
[giggling]
Popp: We're off, then.
Keep an eye on the base.
And you three
be careful, 'kay?
Fenbren: You're
quite resilient.
Much tougher than I thought.
Chiu: A rat...
shows its true strength...
when it's been cornered!
Fenbren: [scoffing]
[pained scream]
Fenbren: You were saying?
Chiu: Don't...
worry, commandos!
I-I promise... I promise that
I'll get you all out of here!
Just you watch!
Are you kidding?
Th-This thing barely tickles.
[pained cry]
Fenbren: I doubt I'll ever meet
a rodent this defiant again.
[howling]
[powerful chirping]
Chiu: Gomechan!
Fenbren: W-where did
that thing come from?!
Fenbren: What? No!
Fenbren: Impossible.
This is impossible.
My body is made
of Orichalcum...
How could that puny
little Slime put even
a dent in my armor?!
Inconceivable!
Fenbren: No matter
how it happened,
I must ensure that it
doesn't happen again.
How unusual a creature-
but nevertheless,
it's punishment is certain.
Now, with pleasure!
[roaring]
You won't lay your hands
on Trooper Number Two!
Fenbren: Move.
Fenbren: You troublesome rat.
I shall exterminate you both!
Wh-Who's there?! Who are you?!
Baran: What a horrible sight.
The strong
bullying the weak...
I never realized
how ugly it could be.
Fenbren: What?!
Baran: Begone from here.
Otherwise, I'll take
more than your sight.
Fenbren: I don't know who
you are, but remember this:
I vow to make you pay!
Narrator: Popp,
Hyunckel, and Crocodine
arrive in the Field of
Death to retrieve Chiu,
but soon they encounter
Dai's father, General Baran.
When they learn
Baran's new goal,
Hyunckel and Crocodine
try to stop him-
only, there's
something different
about the Dragon Master.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Avan Style
Ultimate Technique".